hi my newest bike is an e-bike I got
from ebike kits calm battery pack is
back here mounted on bicycle rack
we got a heavy-duty back wheel coaster
brake and a hand brake the wiring
harness I put it up in this bag so it
doesn't look so sloppy
they got the box here and on front you
can see I have it's a front wheel drive
and it goes by itself
and as you can tell it's very slight
can't even hear I got it on a nice set
of chopper forks that are steel by the
way I feel they're quite heavy duty my
ape hangers it goes pretty good who's
about 20 miles now go ahead I'll Drive
it around my driveway a little bit
truth was pretty fast for electric
button
take it for a ride down the road see how
fast that goes coming down the road
be quiet
thanks for watching see you on YouTube